Serenna Beers: Hi there.
Hi, sir.
Serenna Beers: How are you
Carol Hampton: I'm okay, how are you
Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Pretty good. You, you look like you might feel a little better today inside your face. You don't look you look a little better than I saw you at the last meeting.
Carol Hampton: Yeah, I put on makeup.
Carol Hampton: But I am feeling better, my paint kind of taking a break right now.
Serenna Beers: Oh, that's wonderful.
Carol Hampton: Yeah, it's really nice.
Carol Hampton: Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Well, why don't you just check check in with me and tell me what's just been going on and what I really want to hear about is maybe maybe what's working for you. And then I'd like to hear about what isn't. And then what types of things that I can, I can be of help with you on
Carol Hampton: Well, what's working is is that I stay on top of my medicine better
Carol Hampton: Okay, and
Carol Hampton: I don't overdo it. Because sometimes when my pain level drops. I like, Oh, I can do this and this and this.
Carol Hampton: And I can't. I really can't.
Carol Hampton: So I finally accepted it and I'm not doing as much physical stuff anymore.
Carol Hampton: And
Carol Hampton: What doesn't work is stress, of course.
Serenna Beers: Tell me the kinds of things that you stress about I can probably guess one of them but sides, the whole
Serenna Beers: I guess order that our world is in. But what what types of things do you struggle with.
Carol Hampton: I server with my husband. Okay. And my daughter and her baby live here.
Serenna Beers: That's right. Okay.
Carol Hampton: And then the baby, she's two years old and she barely speak so I've been really worried about it.
Mm hmm.
Carol Hampton: But they said that if we got a therapist, they would just sit and talk to her.
Carol Hampton: Mm hmm. And so we do that.
Carol Hampton: But I'm concerned about that a lot where she could start talking. But I know she knows she formed a sentence, you know. So I think sometimes it's just in her blood. Her dad's quiet her grandma's quiet so
Carol Hampton: It may be just that.
Carol Hampton: Yeah. Yeah, the thing is, is I tend to
Carol Hampton: Let the past get to me a little too much.
Serenna Beers: say a little more about that, like, specifically what what what parts of what parts of the past.
Carol Hampton: Well, I have three sisters blood sisters, I call them and they like to attack me
Carol Hampton: And
Carol Hampton: One of them right now.
Carol Hampton: Is trying to do anything she can to get around what you know i've blocked everything and
Carol Hampton: I get a invitation from her side, who I don't even know. And I so psycho. This is from her. This is for Linda, so I just ignored it. Of course, and they're pretty cruel.
Carol Hampton: When my mother passed away issues on life support.
Carol Hampton: And
Carol Hampton: I had told my youngest sister story about I used to go down and take my mom out once a month.
Carol Hampton: And the last time I went when I was on going there. I get this like message this you know that small still voice.
Serenna Beers: Mm hmm.
Carol Hampton: And it says, Have you worked everything out with your mother.
Carol Hampton: And it's just like, not really. So I talked to her about a few things. Well, I told that to my youngest sister is somehow she turned that into the reason I didn't go and help take my mom off life support is because I had issues with my mom.
Carol Hampton: And I'm I
Carol Hampton: Was on Facebook. In this, you know, the message thing popped up and I said all that, in a slight
Carol Hampton: We have it completely wrong.
Carol Hampton: I told her she doesn't have a soul.
And
Carol Hampton: We went back and forth a little but
Carol Hampton: I just get attacked at a nowhere by these people and I've been ignoring and I actually broke off a relationship with my sister who's just two years older than I, because I realized she was part of all that trouble.
Carol Hampton: Mm hmm. And so I got the battle my life but they've doing anything they can to get back in and it's just like, now you know I know them and but it still brings up some of the
Carol Hampton: Stuff.
Carol Hampton: And
Carol Hampton: But I not for the most part.
Carol Hampton: So,
Serenna Beers: Wow, okay.
Serenna Beers: What else, what else doesn't work.
Carol Hampton: Well,
Carol Hampton: What else doesn't work.
Carol Hampton: I'm just, I'm inside a lot. I mean, even before the Korean chain.
Carol Hampton: I stayed home a lot because my pain. I never knew when it was going to go off and for the most part it was constantly there.
Carol Hampton: So I just never one to go out because I didn't know what I'd be dealing with
Carol Hampton: And
Carol Hampton: I'm
Carol Hampton: Medicine doesn't work is my husband.
Carol Hampton: Is kind of a pathological liar.
Carol Hampton: He'll take my things like he's so my medicine when time
Carol Hampton: And just denied said it's just like the. Somebody saw him taking it.
Serenna Beers: Mm hmm.
Carol Hampton: And it's just like can't deny or somebody actually saw happen.
Carol Hampton: But he just be eminently does deny it, and
Carol Hampton: It's frustrating because then you I mean he almost convinces you that that didn't happen at all.
Carol Hampton: And
Carol Hampton: I don't know. Yes, a way of putting
Carol Hampton: People down. It's kind of sneaky, you know,
Carol Hampton: Mm hmm. And it's just I don't know. Nobody needs that I don't leave that for my spouse and
Carol Hampton: Know,
Serenna Beers: How would you describe yours in his relationship at this. At this point, I mean like when when I say
Serenna Beers: What is your marriage like
Serenna Beers: What is your thought
Carol Hampton: Word.
Serenna Beers: Boring.
Serenna Beers: Well, so what do you, what do you do about that.
Serenna Beers: How come well for. First of all, how long have you been married for
Carol Hampton: 16 years. Well, it's 15 years just this last February.
Carol Hampton: Okay, and
Carol Hampton: I don't know, we've kind of become kind of
Carol Hampton: broke apart because of
Distant
Carol Hampton: He's turned into him taking being the caregiver.
Carol Hampton: And me just, I try to go out to him and hug and pissing in prison, try to preserve some of that and so does he. But there's something missing. You know,
Carol Hampton: In our relationship and
Carol Hampton: He
Carol Hampton: He wanted me oh I don't sleep in the same room as him.
Carol Hampton: And I, he said to me, we have a chase and they're in our bedroom and he goes to sleep in the chase.
Carol Hampton: And he's old, you could just like sit there and and falsely
Carol Hampton: And it's just like, I can't sit, you know,
Carol Hampton: I can't sit to do that. And I said to him,
Carol Hampton: I can't do that. I can't sit. If I fell asleep that chairs sitting, I would be in pain for a couple of weeks after
Carol Hampton: Mm hmm. No, it's just, he knows this and I don't
Carol Hampton: On one hand, I don't expect him to remember everything, but when it comes to sitting or standing for too long.
Carol Hampton: Those are things I just cannot do.
Carol Hampton: And I get kind of mad at him, but not openly.
Carol Hampton: You know, discuss it. I just
Carol Hampton: You know, rolled my eyes and
Carol Hampton: Little off.
Carol Hampton: Basically, hey, this is like
Carol Hampton: How long have you been here. Like I said, I'm always like finding ways I can lean
Carol Hampton: You know,
Carol Hampton: On the couch. So I can watch TV with them.
Carol Hampton: And stuff.
Serenna Beers: Is it a struggle in your relationship that it's kind of it almost sounds like it's very strange at this point.
Carol Hampton: I was too. That's true, yeah.
Serenna Beers: That you guys kind of just coexist, for the sake of the married name.
Serenna Beers: But really, there's not really a very healthy relationship or healthy dynamic there that's, you know, I mean, I don't know if you know this, but I would imagine that if you don't
Serenna Beers: When dealing with chronic pain if you have things in your life from a mental health standpoint that are out of whack. Meaning if you're struggling with how you feel inside if you know
Serenna Beers: Have stress around the relationship stress around other things that can exacerbate all your pain symptoms. So
Serenna Beers: Really obviously the doc is his job is to help you with that chronic pain, per se, with the medication that's his that's his or her role. Her role actually right it's Dr. Ella DAG.
Serenna Beers: Or is it yeah yeah yeah
Serenna Beers: And so, and then my role is to come in as the therapist pissed and I'm the I'm the other piece of that right so
Serenna Beers: You have to have some sort of a connection. I've always believed mind, body and soul you you might get the physical pain part right where you're finally
Serenna Beers: And it sounds like you're starting to kind of really get regimented on on a medication that seems to serve its purpose for what you need.
Serenna Beers: To help you want to put on your makeup or to help you feel better or feel good enough to even smile throughout the day.
Serenna Beers: But if you don't have that other piece down and you have other things in your life that are weighing you down that are causing you stress.
Serenna Beers: That's the kind of stuff. And that's why I asked you what is working for you and what isn't, because that's where I get to be of support for you to figure out how can we work on those things because
Serenna Beers: Obviously, Carol. I mean, it's great that we're getting the medicine part down but it's going to be a moot point if we can't get the rest of it to kind of
Serenna Beers: Coexist and mingle and be together, good to to bring together all three three parts. Mind, Body, and Spirit. Right. So with that being said,
Serenna Beers: What are some of the things that you think would be beneficial for our time together some, some of the things that maybe you want to work on.
Serenna Beers: Specifically, like it like if you had to name the top three things, the top three things that you felt were important for you in order to start beginning to work on getting some balance and some
Serenna Beers: What's, what's the word I am looking for some
Serenna Beers: Positive healthy coping skills around mental health. Like, what are the three things that you feel would be your, your, your things that you need to work on.
Carol Hampton: Mm hmm.
Carol Hampton: I need to work on.
Carol Hampton: How to live with this chronic pain.
Carol Hampton: And make it so it's livable.
Carol Hampton: In my, you know, in my life.
Carol Hampton: And
Carol Hampton: I need to quit.
Carol Hampton: I fear it. So I'd like to learn how to not fear it.
Carol Hampton: You know, because it is so huge. It just takes me out.
Carol Hampton: And I would also like to. I'm a person. I'm very active and I'd like to return to some of my favorite things to do like doing yoga and meditating and
Carol Hampton: You know, walking, and a few these kind of things.
Carol Hampton: And without fearing that if I do do them. I might throw myself into a flare up
Carol Hampton: Because the flare ups are so vicious
Serenna Beers: Okay.
So,
Serenna Beers: Mean to find some some
Serenna Beers: Sounds like motivation to do those things because I would assume that you know that yoga is probably one of the best things that you could do for yourself.
Serenna Beers: Mm hmm. Some
Serenna Beers: motivation to do things that, you know, work for your chronic pain or at least help it a little bit.
Serenna Beers: Mm hmm. Okay.
Carol Hampton: Yeah.
Carol Hampton: Wow, so like to do like silk in board Dre.
Serenna Beers: Oh that's neat.
Serenna Beers: Sounds hard though.
Carol Hampton: It's hard.
Carol Hampton: Yeah so thing though, you have to sit to be able to do it. And I said it all up. One night with my chair pad.
Carol Hampton: And I did get a little bit done and it turned out pretty nice and
Carol Hampton: It's, I guess I won't be able to sit for as long
Carol Hampton: To work on it so
Carol Hampton: It's just I
Carol Hampton: Just have to make it work with what I have the
Carol Hampton: Time amount
Carol Hampton: So,
Serenna Beers: Um, OK.
Serenna Beers: So maybe let's just start with. Well, one of the things that you really won't go any further until this and I'm going to
Serenna Beers: Circle. The second one, I think that's the first one that you and I can start to really hone in on an address, and that's learning how to not fear my chronic pain.
Serenna Beers: Because I'm, you know, and this is just speaking from experience. I've lived with my condition, since I was 24 years old, after I gave birth to my second
Serenna Beers: Second child I was diagnosed with lupus and it's the systemic kind so it can affect
Serenna Beers: Any place inside my body, but at the time. The reason why I knew that I was ill, because I had dropped a lot of weight. I had sores all over my face the butterfly rash.
Serenna Beers: And my joints hurt my joints hurt so bad. I couldn't get up. I couldn't walk. I brought in my and I had a brand new little baby a long story short,
Serenna Beers: I had so much fear around my chronic pain because I never knew what to expect when I would get up.
Serenna Beers: Every, every day was different. And if I had a good day. I had to embrace it and not self sabotage with, you know,
Serenna Beers: But I don't know when it's going to leave or, like you said, knowing my limitations. So if I feel this good. It's probably not wise for me to run outside and do every piece of yard work or start lifting a bunch of heavy crap where I'm just, you know, I jack my my my myself up but
You
Serenna Beers: Bring it back around to what you're talking about is that fear that fear can literally stop you in your tracks from doing anything to continue to push you and give you more momentum. So that's what we really need to work on.
Serenna Beers: And then what as far as what is your, what is your dose, as far as what you take
Carol Hampton: Well, I take
Carol Hampton: Suboxone
Serenna Beers: Right. Do you remember the milligram. No.
Carol Hampton: I think it's 3200 or 32 milligrams
Carol Hampton: Okay, I don't think it's 30 3200 drugs, no.
Serenna Beers: That would be rough.
Yeah.
Carol Hampton: I take for 8,000,008.8 milligrams
Okay.
Carol Hampton: And then I take 600 Gabba pension three times a day.
Carol Hampton: I take amitriptyline thing.
Carol Hampton: before bed.
Carol Hampton: Three before bed and then
Carol Hampton: I take a muscle relaxers is sanity.
Carol Hampton: Okay, and that's like eight milligrams a day.
Carol Hampton: Okay, and then just my regular ones I call them.
Serenna Beers: Yeah.
Carol Hampton: I take prepared at all. Let Cipro
Serenna Beers: Okay, are you medication compliant. I mean, are you taking them all as you as your PO post to
Carol Hampton: Yes, I am.
Carol Hampton: Okay, yeah.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, and and I'm obviously not going to get into your medications, because I'm not
Serenna Beers: A doctor, I just want to know, like, so that I'm aware of what you're on. So if I see like because I
Serenna Beers: Noticed that you're very sleepy and I've noticed you doing this and if I if I have an idea of what you're on, it'll give me an idea of, okay, this is probably why she feels like this.
Serenna Beers: And I don't know what times that you take your medicine. So obviously, when you take them would make a difference. You know, you probably have that like that period when it, when it first hit. So you're really tired. You know what I mean.
Serenna Beers: Yes. So yeah, so I appreciate you sharing that with with me.
Serenna Beers: And so do you feel like you're at a really good place as far as
Serenna Beers: Your medication goes so maybe. Now you and I can maybe start to do some therapy work now.
Serenna Beers: Yeah. Okay. Cool.
Carol Hampton: Yeah, okay.
Serenna Beers: So I think for our next session. And do you know let me go ahead and take a look at
Serenna Beers: Let's take a look.
Serenna Beers: Specifically at if I can minimize this, okay. So because you were had that kind of that little, I guess, if you will, blip where you weren't compliant with the therapy.
Serenna Beers: And you were kind of trying to figure out where where where you were at
Serenna Beers: For a while, I believe, at least for a few sessions. I'd like to check in with you once once a week. You know, I, it doesn't even have to be for the full hour, especially, you know,
Serenna Beers: It's just more so so that I can make make, make sure that you are buzzing along at the rate that you should be from a mental health standpoint. You know what I mean.
Serenna Beers: And before we could go up to like twice a month. So my thought is, um, let's see, what is the date today. Today is the fifth Cinco de Mayo. Oh, this is
Serenna Beers: Taco Tuesday.
Serenna Beers: Um,
Serenna Beers: Let's go to next Tuesday and see what we got. Is this a a pretty good day for you at all.
Carol Hampton: Yes. Great.
Serenna Beers: So you and I met last week at. Hang on.
Serenna Beers: Are we, we met this week at two, but the problem is
Serenna Beers: 1pm is air. Okay, no. So you and I could meet at three, do you have an issue with meeting at three
Serenna Beers: No. Okay. Three Pam Carol H and this would be for be 12 Wait, is that right, yeah. Yeah, that's right. Okay, so I'm going to ask them follow up and we're going to work on.
Serenna Beers: Fear around
Serenna Beers: Chronic pain that will jog my memory.
Serenna Beers: Because I wish I had like the best memory and I could like remember everything everybody says, but I need little, little keywords. You know what I mean.
Let's go to
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: Is it car a car. Oh, l, ah, to my schedule. We said four 512 right that's what I said 512 yep four or 512 at 2pm or individual follow up. Okay.
Serenna Beers: 2pm at 3pm.
Carol Hampton: Sorry. Thank you. Okay, see.
Serenna Beers: That's what I always write it down because while I have the patient on the phone, because I cannot tell you what you and I just did is what I do. So if I'm saying saying it out loud and you hear it. I can, I can fix it. Yes, I have you down for 343 for 3pm on the 12th.
Serenna Beers: And also I'm I'm also going to give you one mini little assignment.
Serenna Beers: Okay, one mini little assignment.
Carol Hampton: Okay.
Serenna Beers: I want you to write down every day.
Serenna Beers: Something that you love about your husband.
Serenna Beers: That
Serenna Beers: Makes you feel good, even if it's like nothing that he's doing now.
Serenna Beers: We're trying to figure out, because honestly if
Serenna Beers: This is your mate and this is your partner and this is your support system being a strange does not healthy or conducive to your ongoing recovery. Correct.
Serenna Beers: Right, so I'm going to work with you all the while on the side to we're just going to add a little bit to kind of boost it up because there's, um,
Serenna Beers: I don't feel all is lost all is lost when you have things like you know if you were to say I don't love him.
Serenna Beers: Then I would say, Well, okay then that would be a horse of a different color. But that's not the vibe I get from you the vibe I get from you is something just kind of you feel a disconnect
Serenna Beers: And oftentimes with the disconnect. We just need to give it a spark to remind you of what it is or what it, what it was back when it felt very different for you.
Serenna Beers: Right. So I'm looking for one thing, a day just one one thing, even if he walks by the hall and says some smartass thing and you remember. Oh, I remember when we used to have that playful banter, you know, a couple years ago.
Serenna Beers: Whatever it is all I'm asking for is one thing and don't write down seven things when you see me for next week. I want one thing down.
Serenna Beers: Each day because the reason is, is because we're trying to build a pattern. I don't want you to forget it. And then think about it. On that day, then it defeats the purpose of what I'm trying to do.
Serenna Beers: And there's a second part, but that's what you and I are going to do to gather. So it's really important. Carol that you follow it in the way that I'm asking you to. And that's writing down one thing every day that you remember that you like about your husband you
Serenna Beers: Don't have to love it. But if you love it.
Serenna Beers: You can write that down to
Serenna Beers: Okay, okay.
Carol Hampton: Alright, sounds good.
Serenna Beers: Well then I will see you in group, unless it was there anything else that that you wanted to talk about
Carol Hampton: No, really.
Carol Hampton: Okay, yeah, I was the turn this thing that you see is because I don't sleep well at night.
Serenna Beers: Well, I don't think it's anything funky or weird. I want you to know that I'm familiar with what it looks like when
Serenna Beers: A person is sleep de de sleep deep sleep deprived and that's what I see. But I also know that you put medication in the midst of it and it gives you this, this thing. Are you ready for it. Watch me.
Serenna Beers: It gives you that thing nods and when somebody's body is so physically tired, but the medication also helps to relax you because that's some of the reasons why you take it right
Serenna Beers: Pain Medicine muscle relaxers. Those are all things that will only exacerbate you already feeling so tired, so it would make sense to me why you're doing this. So I want you to know that it's not coming from a place of why are you. Why are you. Why are you doing this.
Serenna Beers: I know why you are. And I just wanted to confirm to make sure that there's
Serenna Beers: Nothing else going on because that's just part of my job right.
Serenna Beers: Right, yeah. So, but it sounds like you got a few finally got a really good combination for your medicine and because I remember the, the, the, the first couple of weeks were really rough. I remember you being a little bit edgy.
Serenna Beers: I remember you just looking like. I mean, you literally looked like you didn't feel good, you, you. I mean, you
Serenna Beers: You had that look. And so it was very nice to come into this room and see your face and you not look that that way. And even though you know you're tired from not getting much sleep you still look
Serenna Beers: Like, like you feel better from a pain standpoint.
Serenna Beers: That's positive I, you know, that, that, that, that gives me a lot of hope for you. So that was really, really cool to see, you know,
Serenna Beers: Yeah, so, so feel too good. Well then, I look forward to seeing you in group, um, which day are you are you Thursday or Friday.
Serenna Beers: Friday. OK, I will see you, Carol on Friday at four. And I also will see you next Tuesday at three
Serenna Beers: For our individual and until then, remember one thing a day that you remember that you love about your husband or like if if if love is too difficult. Whichever one, but I want you to remember something positive that you love or like
Serenna Beers: That you remember was what drew you to him in the first place. One thing today.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: Alrighty. Okay, I'll see you on Friday.
Serenna Beers: Okay, okay.